create v8 announcement blog (#782)
intuit/auto: docs/blog/v8.md

---
image: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1485795046599-702122cd1267?crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&fit=crop&fm=jpg&h=500&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjF9&ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&w=1950
title: Announcing "auto" 8.0.0
author:
  name: Andrew Lisowski
  url: https://twitter.com/HipsterSmoothie
  email: lisowski54@gmail.com
---

We are excited to announce the release of `auto` 8.0.0.

> This release brings a new command `next`, a new `shipit` use, more powerful label configuration, and more,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release brings a new command `next`, a new `shipit` use, more powerful label configuration, and more.
```

> This release brings a new command `next`, a new `shipit` use, more powerful label configuration, and more,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This release brings a new command `next`, a new use for `shipit`, more powerful label configuration, and more,
```

> If you don't know what `auto` yet, it's a CLI tool helps you version your code and automate any part of your release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are unfamiliar, `auto` is a CLI tool helps you version your code and automate any part of your release pipeline.
```

Reviewer 3: "is a CLI tool **which**" or is it **that**?

`auto`'s main use is for automating your versioning with [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) and [GitHub](https://github.com/) pull request labels.
It handles determining the next version, creating changelogs, publishing to package managers, publishing [GitHub Releases](https://help.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/about-releases), and so much more through plugins.

If you aren't already using `auto` you can either install it through npm:

```sh
npm install auto
```

Or if you are publishing to something other than npm:

```sh
# On OSX
brew tap intuit/auto https://github.com/intuit/auto
brew install auto

# Or other OSs
# Download a platform specific version of auto
curl -vkL -o - https://github.com/intuit/auto/releases/download/v8.0.0/auto-linux.gz | gunzip > ~/auto
# Make auto executable
chmod a+x ~/auto
```

## `next` Command

> 

Reviewer 4: you say prerelease 10 times here.  maybe you can cut that back a bit

This new command will make a prerelease of your code. This entails:

1. Creates a prerelease on package management platform (supported by `npm` and `git-tag` plugins)
2. Creates a tag and "Pre Release" on GitHub releases page.

The only prerelease branch `auto` comes configured with is `next`.
You can configure as many prerelease branches as you want with the [prereleaseBranches](../pages/autorc.md#prerelease-branches) `.autorc` option.

> Calling the `next` command from a prerelease branch will publish a prerelease, otherwise it will publish to the default prerelease branch.

Reviewer 4: this is a confusing statement

If your package manager plugin supports release tags, such as [npm](../../plugins/npm/README.md), `auto` will publish the prerelease branch to a tag of the same name.

Given the following configuration:

```json
{
  "prereleaseBranches": ["beta"]
}
```

Example: Run `auto next` from `beta` branch => Publish prerelease to `beta` tag.

## Prerelease Branches with `shipit`

The `shipit` command will now also publish a prerelease when ran from a prerelease branch. You can use this in a few different ways:

> 1. 2 release branches: `master` and `next`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Two release branches: `master` and `next`
```

4. Feature Pre-releases

Read more [here](../pages/generated/shipit.md#prereleases).

## Label Configuration

Label configuration just got a whole lot simpler 🎉.

1. Labels can now only be supplied as an array of label objects.

   ```json
   {
     "labels": [
       { "releaseType": "major", "name": "Version: Major" },
       { "releaseType": "minor", "name": "Version: Minor" },
       { "releaseType": "patch", "name": "Version: Patch" }
     ]
   }
   ```

2. Instead of using `skipReleaseLabels` just set the label's `type` to `skip`

   ```json
   {
     "labels": [{ "releaseType": "skip", "name": "NO!" }]
   }
   ```

3. Overwrite default labels using `overwrite`

   ```json
   {
     "labels": [
       { "releaseType": "major", "name": "Version: Major", "overwrite": true }
     ]
   }
   ```

4. Add `none` `releaseType`. This will act as a `skip-release` unless paired with a SEMVER label

   ```json
   {
     "labels": [{ "releaseType": "none", "name": "documentation" }]
   }
   ```

5. Changed `title` to `changelogTitle`.

   ```json
   {
     "labels": [{ "changelogTitle": "New Docs Yo!", "name": "documentation" }]
   }
   ```

## Upload Assets - Globs

> You might want to upload multiple files or you might not know the file-name (ex: a vscode extension w/ a version number in the name), but you know the pattern of the filenames that I want to upload.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You might want to upload multiple files or you might not know the file-name (ex: a vscode extension w/ a version number in the name), but you know the pattern of the filenames that you want to upload.
```
